Add Homee diagnostics platform (#39427)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/homee.markdown

Changed values are reported from Homee in defined time intervals and not always in realtime. For example, while a cover moves, the position is updated only every few seconds and intermediate states may be missed by Home Assistant.

## Troubleshooting

First, see the general [Home Assistant troubleshooting guide](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/).

The **homee** integration supports [debug logs and diagnostics](/docs/configuration/troubleshooting/#debug-logs-and-diagnostics).

### Homee device not working as expected

Make sure, the {% term device %} works as expected in homee.
If a homee device shows up in Home Assistant, but does not work as expected or is missing {% term entities %}, open a [report](https://github.com/home-assistant/core/issues) and attach error logs and the device's {% term diagnostics %} data.

### Integration not loading or homee device not showing up in HA

> Check that the homee-user, you use for Home Assistant, is allowed to see the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check that the homee-user, used for Home Assistant, is allowed to see the device.
```
